Updated README.md with CLI examples and additional usage instructions (#2199)
huggingface/trl: README.md

<div style="text-align: center">
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/trl-internal-testing/example-images/resolve/main/images/trl_banner_dark.png" alt="TRL Banner">
</div>

# TRL - Transformer Reinforcement Learning

<h3 align="center">

>     <p>A comprehensive library to post-train large language models (LLMs).</p>

Reviewer: nit: since we also support training VLMs, it's probably time to use this instead :)

```suggestion
    <p>A comprehensive library to post-train foundation models</p>
```

    </a>
</p>

## Overview

> TRL is a cutting-edge library designed for post-training large language models (LLMs) and diffusion models using advanced techniques like Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT), Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO), and Direct Preference Optimization (DPO). Built on top of the [🤗 Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) ecosystem, TRL supports a variety of model architectures and ensures seamless scalability across various hardware setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TRL is a cutting-edge library designed for post-training foundation models using advanced techniques like Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT), Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO), and Direct Preference Optimization (DPO). Built on top of the [🤗 Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) ecosystem, TRL supports a variety of model architectures and modalities, and can be scaled-up across various hardware setups.
```

## Highlights

- **Efficient and scalable**: 
    - Leverages [🤗 Accelerate](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate) to scale from single GPU to multi-node clusters using methods like DDP and DeepSpeed.
    - Full integration with [`PEFT`](https://github.com/huggingface/peft) enables training on large models with modest hardware via quantization and LoRA/QLoRA.
    - Integrates [Unsloth](https://github.com/unslothai/unsloth) for accelerating training using optimized kernels.

- **Command Line Interface (CLI)**: A simple interface lets you fine-tune and interact with models without needing to write code.

- **Custom Trainers**: Various fine-tuning methods are easily accessible via trainers like [`SFTTrainer`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/sft_trainer), [`DPOTrainer`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/dpo_trainer), and more.

- **AutoModels**: Use pre-defined model classes like [`AutoModelForCausalLMWithValueHead`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/models#trl.AutoModelForCausalLMWithValueHead) to simplify reinforcement learning (RL) with LLMs.

## Installation

### Python Package

Install the library using `pip`:

```bash

> pip install trl

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
pip install trl
```
````

    </a>
</p>

## Overview

TRL is a cutting-edge library designed for post-training large language models (LLMs) and diffusion models using advanced techniques like Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT), Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO), and Direct Preference Optimization (DPO). Built on top of the [🤗 Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) ecosystem, TRL supports a variety of model architectures and ensures seamless scalability across various hardware setups.

## Highlights

- **Efficient and scalable**: 
    - Leverages [🤗 Accelerate](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate) to scale from single GPU to multi-node clusters using methods like DDP and DeepSpeed.
    - Full integration with [`PEFT`](https://github.com/huggingface/peft) enables training on large models with modest hardware via quantization and LoRA/QLoRA.
    - Integrates [Unsloth](https://github.com/unslothai/unsloth) for accelerating training using optimized kernels.

- **Command Line Interface (CLI)**: A simple interface lets you fine-tune and interact with models without needing to write code.

> - **Custom Trainers**: Various fine-tuning methods are easily accessible via trainers like [`SFTTrainer`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/sft_trainer), [`DPOTrainer`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/dpo_trainer), and more.

Reviewer 2: Is "custom" appropriate here?

- **AutoModels**: Use pre-defined model classes like [`AutoModelForCausalLMWithValueHead`](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/models#trl.AutoModelForCausalLMWithValueHead) to simplify reinforcement learning (RL) with LLMs.

## Installation

### Python Package

Install the library using `pip`:

```bash
pip install trl

> 

Reviewer 2: revert this

> 

Reviewer 2: You need to revert this change

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
```
